Clock Improvements (#4396)
cocotb/cocotb: docs/source/newsfragments/4396.change.rst

> The attribute ``frequency`` on :class:`~cocotb.clock.Clock` was removed, and the attribute :attr:`~cocotb.clock.Clock.preiod` was change to be in terms of the passed in units rather than simulation steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The attribute ``frequency`` on :class:`~cocotb.clock.Clock` was removed, and the attribute :attr:`~cocotb.clock.Clock.period` was changed to be in terms of the passed-in units rather than simulation steps.
```
